https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13088 (#6770)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/gatekeeper_operator/configure_gatekeeper_operator.adoc

[#configure-gatekeeper-operator]

> = Configuring the {gate} 

Author: @dhaiducek new config doc added, great suggestion, and apologies I didn't incorporate this change sooner. 

Please let me know what you think :)

Reviewer: Thanks! I really like the new flow. 😄

> Before you can start the {gate} installation, you must configure the {gate} custom resource.

Reviewer: This is a nuanced change, but the operator and Gatekeeper itself are sort of separate installs. Given that, let me know whether this makes sense to you (I'm assuming it'll follow the "To install the Gatekeeper operator..." paragraph):
```suggestion
Once the {gate} is installed, to install Gatekeeper you must configure the {gate} custom resource.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm a little confused here too. Do users install the Gatekeeper operator from OCP and then configure the Gatekeeper operator to install Gatekeeper on the hub cluster? 

If yes, I recommend that you write:

"To install Gatekeeper on your hub cluster, install the {gate} from the {ocp} catalog and configure the {acm-short} `Gatekeeper` policy by using the governance framework. The  to start the Gatekeeper installation on your cluster."

*Required access*: Cluster administrator

To configure the {gate}, complete the following sections: 

. <<working-custom-resource,Working with the {gate} custom resource>>
. <<configuring-audit-sync,Configuring _auditFromCache_ for sync details>>

[#working-custom-resource]
== Working with the {gate} custom resource

> The {gate} custom resource tells the {gate} to start the Gatekeeper installation on the cluster, using the given configuration. To work with a {gate} custom resource, use the following sample YAML: 

Reviewer 2: Based on my previous comment, I recommend that this subsection be renamed to "`Gatekeeper` custom resource sample"

I would also remove this statement, "To configure the {gate}, complete the following sections:" and the TOC  because there are not 3 or more subsections. Earlier, the doc team agreed to only list a child TOC if there were 3 or more sections.

      auditEventsInvolvedNamespace: Enabled <1>
    logLevel: DEBUG
    auditInterval: 10s
    constraintViolationLimit: 55
    auditFromCache: Enabled
    auditChunkSize: 66
    emitAuditEvents: Enabled
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 500m
        memory: 150Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 500m
        memory: 130Mi
  validatingWebhook: Enabled
  mutatingWebhook: Enabled
  webhook:
    replicas: 3
    emitAdmissionEvents: Enabled
    admissionEventsInvolvedNamespace: Enabled <2>
    disabledBuiltins: - http.send
    operations: <3>
     - "CREATE"
     - "UPDATE"
     - "CONNECT"
    failurePolicy: Fail
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 480m
        memory: 140Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 400m
        memory: 120Mi
  nodeSelector:
    region: "EMEA"
  affinity:
    podAffinity:
      requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
        - labelSelector:
            matchLabels:
              auditKey: "auditValue"
          topologyKey: topology.kubernetes.io/zone
  tolerations:
    - key: "Example"
      operator: "Exists"
      effect: "NoSchedule"
  podAnnotations:
    some-annotation: "this is a test"
    other-annotation: "another test"
----

> *Note:* For versions 3.14 or later, you cam implement the following features to this YAML:

Reviewer 2: Is it necessary to mention the Gatekeeper version here? Just concerned about having to maintain in later acm doc versions. Last I recall in a previous convo, the supported Gatekeeper versions are listed in the description from the console. Wouldn't it mention that Gatekeeper 3.13 is not supported for ACM 2.12? If i am correct, I recommend that this note be removed.

Reviewer: This note is necessary because it's not available in Gatekeeper 3.11. As previously discussed, we plan to sync the Gatekeeper operator doc content to all supported ACM versions (since the Gatekeeper versions don't have an alignment with ACM versions).

> <1> Enable the `auditEventsInvolvedNamespace` parameter to manage the namespace audit event you want to create. When you enable this parameter, the Gatekeeper controller deployment gets the following argument: `--audit-events-involved-namespace: true`.

Reviewer 2: Is the Gatekeeper controller something different or are you referring to the resource?

Reviewer: It's different. The argument it's referring to is applied to the Gatekeeper deployment itself.

> <2> Enable the `admissionEventsInvolvedNamespace` parameter to manage the  namespace admission event you want to create. When you enable this parameter, the Gatekeeper controller deployment gets the following argument: `--admission-events-involved-namespace: true`.

Reviewer 2: Same question here and there is an extra space between "the namespace"

<3> To manage your webhook operations, use the following values for the `operations` parameter, `"CREATE"`, `"UPDATE"`, `"CONNECT"`, and `"DELETE"`.

> To install the Gatekeeper operator with {rhacm-short}, use the governance framework. The {gate} is available in the {ocp-short} catalog. See _Adding Operators to a cluster_ in the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[{ocp-short} documentation] for more information.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph can be moved up to lead this section.

Reviewer 2: I agree with Dale and have made earlier comments to help with this. I also recommend that you move this link to end of the file. You can still mention and italicize the title of the reference link, but the actual link should be placed in an "Additional resources" section to reduce the number of inline links in the file. Which OCP version is the Gatekeeper operator tested? Based on the OCP linking guidance in the playbook, we should be pointing to OCP 4.15: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YTqpZRH54Bnn4WJ2nZmjaCoiRtqmrc2w6DdQxe_yLZ8/edit#heading=h.9fvyr2rdriby

> To install the Gatekeeper operator with {rhacm-short}, use the governance framework. The {gate} is available in the {ocp-short} catalog. See _Adding Operators to a cluster_ in the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[{ocp-short} documentation] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the {gate} with {rhacm-short}, use the governance framework. The {gate} is available in the {ocp-short} catalog. See _Adding Operators to a cluster_ in the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[{ocp-short} documentation] for more information.
```

[#configuring-audit-sync]
== Configuring _auditFromCache_ for sync details

> For versions 3.14 or later, the {gate} exposes a setting in the {gate} custom resource for the audit configuration with the parameter `auditFromCache`, which is disabled by default. If you enable `auditFromCache`, then you need to set `config.gatekeeper.sh` with the objects to sync to the cache. For more information, see link:https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/website/docs/audit/#configuring-audit[Configuring Audit] in the Gatekeeper documentation.

Reviewer 2: Similar to my earlier comments about specifying the Gatekeeper version. We should avoid this if the supported versions are described from the console. I recommend the following, "The {gate} exposes a setting in the `Gatekeeper` policy for the audit configuration with the parameter `auditFromCache`, which is disabled by default. If you enable `auditFromCache`, then you need to set `config.gatekeeper.sh` with the objects to sync to the cache. For more information, see _Configuring Audit_ in the Gatekeeper documentation.

Reminder to move this link to the "Additional resources" section to reduce the number of inline links.

Reviewer: With my previous comment, the version caveat is necessary since this doc will be synced to all supported ACM versions.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for confirming @jc-berger we still need to move the link to the Additional resources section.

> When `auditFromCache` is set to "Automatic", the {gate} collects resources from constraints and inserts those resources into your config resource. If the config resource does not exist, the operator creates the config resource.

Reviewer 2: When you set the `auditFromCache` parameter to `Automatic`, the {gate} collects resources from constraints and inserts those resources into your Gatekeeper `Config` resource. If the resource does not exist, the {gate} creates the `Config` resource.

> To configure `auditFromCache` with "Automatic", complete the following steps: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure the `auditFromCache` parameter for resource collection from constraints, complete the following steps: 
```

. Set `auditFromCache` to `Automatic` in the `Gatekeeper` resource. See the following example:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1
kind: Gatekeeper 
metadata: 
  name: gatekeeper 
spec: 
  audit: replicas: 2 
    logLevel: DEBUG 
    auditFromCache: Automatic
----

> +

Reviewer 2: You can remove this plus sign

> . See the {gate} adds the `syncOnly` parameter section to your config file. See the following example:

Reviewer 2: How does the user access their Gatekeeper `Config` resource? I would add something like, "To verify that the resources are added to your `Config` resource, view that the `syncOnly` parameter section is added. Run the following command:
+
Your `Config` resource might resemble the following example:

Reviewer: Good idea--in that case, the command would be:
```
oc get configs.config.gatekeeper.sh config -n openshift-gatekeeper-system
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: config.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1
kind: Config
metadata:
 name: config
 namespace: "openshift-gatekeeper-system"
spec:
 sync:
   syncOnly:
   - group: ""
     version: "v1"
     kind: "Namespace"
   - group: ""
     version: "v1"
     kind: "Pod"
----

> . Get the explanation of the `auditFromCache` setting by running the following command from your terminal:

Reviewer 2: Why is the explanation needed here? Will it show that it's set to Automatic? Will it show the config resource?

Reviewer: `oc explain` is the command to use to view the descriptions from the CRD that we updated in the code. For this one, it shows:

```
GROUP:      operator.gatekeeper.sh
KIND:       Gatekeeper
VERSION:    v1alpha1

FIELD: auditFromCache <string>

DESCRIPTION:
    AuditFromCache sets whether a cache is used for auditing. The parameter value options are
    Enabled, Disabled, and Automatic. If you set the parameter to Automatic, the Gatekeeper
    operator manages the syncOnly field in the Config resource. It is not recommended to use
    Automatic when using referential constraints since those are not detected.
    See https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/website/docs/sync/#replicating-data-with-config.
```

[#configure-gatekeeper-operator]
= Configuring the {gate} 

> To install Gatekeeper on your hub cluster, install the {gate} from the {ocp} catalog. Configure the {acm-short} Gatekeeper policy by using the governance framework. Then, you can start the Gatekeeper installation on your cluster.
> 
> After you install the {gate}, to install Gatekeeper you must configure the {gate} custom resource.

Reviewer 2: Based on the YAML example, I would say Gatekeeper custom resource instead of {gate} custom 
```suggestion
To install Gatekeeper on your hub cluster, install the {gate} from the {ocp} catalog and configure {acm-short} Gatekeeper policy by using the governance framework.
```

*Required access*: Cluster administrator

[#gatekeeper-custom-resource]
== Gatekeeper custom resource sample

> To install the {gate} with {rhacm-short}, use the governance framework. The {gate} is available in the {ocp-short} catalog. See _Adding Operators to a cluster_ in the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[{ocp-short} documentation] for more information.

Reviewer 2: wrong conref being used here (rham-short should be acm-short), but it also seems repetitive to the intro. It seems like we should remove this statement and link to OCP version 4.15.

When you set the `auditFromCache` parameter to `Automatic`, the {gate} collects resources from constraints and inserts those resources into your Gatekeeper `Config` resource. If the resource does not exist, the {gate} creates the `Config` resource.

To configure the `auditFromCache` parameter for resource collection from constraints, complete the following steps: 

. Set `auditFromCache` to `Automatic` in the `Gatekeeper` resource. See the following example:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1
kind: Gatekeeper 
metadata: 
  name: gatekeeper 
spec: 
  audit: replicas: 2 
    logLevel: DEBUG 
    auditFromCache: Automatic
----

. To verify that the resources are added to your `Config` resource, view that the `syncOnly` parameter section is added. Run the following command:

+

> [source,bash]
> ----
> oc get configs.config.gatekeeper.sh config -n openshift-gatekeeper-system
> ----
> 
> . Your `Config` resource might resemble the following example:
> 
> +
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> apiVersion: config.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1
> kind: Config
> metadata:
>  name: config
>  namespace: "openshift-gatekeeper-system"
> spec:
>  sync:
>    syncOnly:
>    - group: ""
>      version: "v1"
>      kind: "Namespace"
>    - group: ""
>      version: "v1"
>      kind: "Pod"
> ----

Reviewer 2: Remove this as a step and align after the command

```suggestion
[source,bash]
----
oc get configs.config.gatekeeper.sh config -n openshift-gatekeeper-system
----
+
Your `Config` resource might resemble the following example:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: config.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1
kind: Config
metadata:
 name: config
 namespace: "openshift-gatekeeper-system"
spec:
 sync:
   syncOnly:
   - group: ""
     version: "v1"
     kind: "Namespace"
   - group: ""
     version: "v1"
     kind: "Pod"
----
```

> . Get the explanation of the `auditFromCache` setting by running the following command from your terminal:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Get the explanation of the `auditFromCache` setting to view the description of the custom resource by running the following command:
```

[#configure-gatekeeper-operator]
= Configuring the {gate} 

To install Gatekeeper on your hub cluster, install the {gate} from the {ocp} catalog. See _Adding Operators to a cluster_ in the {ocp-short} documentation. Configure the {acm-short} Gatekeeper policy by using the governance framework.

After you install the {gate}, you must configure the {gate} custom resource to install Gatekeeper.

*Required access*: Cluster administrator

[#gatekeeper-custom-resource]
== Gatekeeper custom resource sample

> The {gate} custom resource tells the {gate} to start the Gatekeeper installation on the cluster, using the given configuration. To work with a {gate} custom resource, use the following sample YAML: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {gate} custom resource tells the {gate} to start the Gatekeeper installation on the cluster. Use the following YAML to install Gatekeeper: 
```

<1> Enable the `auditEventsInvolvedNamespace` parameter to manage the namespace audit event you want to create. When you enable this parameter, the Gatekeeper controller deployment gets the following argument: `--audit-events-involved-namespace: true`.
<2> Enable the `admissionEventsInvolvedNamespace` parameter to manage the namespace admission event you want to create. When you enable this parameter, the Gatekeeper controller deployment gets the following argument: `--admission-events-involved-namespace: true`.
<3> To manage your webhook operations, use the following values for the `operations` parameter, `"CREATE"`, `"UPDATE"`, `"CONNECT"`, and `"DELETE"`.

[#configuring-audit-sync]
== Configuring _auditFromCache_ for sync details

For versions 3.14 or later, the {gate} exposes a setting in the {gate} custom resource for the audit configuration with the `auditFromCache` parameter, which is disabled by default. If you enable `auditFromCache`, you need to set `config.gatekeeper.sh` with the objects to sync to the cache. For more information, see _Configuring Audit_ in the Gatekeeper documentation.

> When you set the `auditFromCache` parameter to `Automatic`, the {gate} collects resources from constraints and inserts those resources into your Gatekeeper `Config` resource. If the resource does not exist, the {gate} creates the `Config` resource.

Reviewer 2: mentioning the benefit of configuring the parameter earlier and did some reordering for the flow. Let me know your thoughts.

```suggestion
For versions 3.14 or later, the {gate} exposes a setting in the {gate} custom resource for the audit configuration with the `auditFromCache` parameter, which is disabled by default. Configure the `auditFromCache` parameter to collect resources from constraints.

When you set the `auditFromCache` parameter to `Automatic`, the {gate} collects resources from constraints and inserts those resources into your Gatekeeper `Config` resource. If the resource does not exist, the {gate} creates the `Config` resource.

If you enable `auditFromCache`, you need to set `config.gatekeeper.sh` with the objects to sync to the cache. For more information, see _Configuring Audit_ in the Gatekeeper documentation.
```

[#configure-gatekeeper-operator]
= Configuring the {gate} 

> To install Gatekeeper on your hub cluster, install the {gate} from the {ocp} catalog. Configure the {acm-short} Gatekeeper policy by using the governance framework. Then, you can start the Gatekeeper installation on your cluster.

Reviewer 2: Would it be helpful to mention that when the policy is set to enforce, the Gatekeeper installation starts? 
```suggestion
To install Gatekeeper on your hub cluster, install the {gate} from the {ocp} catalog. See _Adding Operators to a cluster_ in the {ocp-short} documentation. Configure the {acm-short} Gatekeeper policy by using the governance framework.
```

> After you install the {gate}, to install Gatekeeper you must configure the Gatekeeper custom resource.

Reviewer 2: Updated based on Dale's comments
```suggestion
After you install the {gate}, you must configure the {gate} custom resource to install Gatekeeper.
```

*Required access*: Cluster administrator

[#gatekeeper-custom-resource]
== Gatekeeper custom resource sample

> See _Adding Operators to a cluster_ in the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.16/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[{ocp-short} documentation]. 

Reviewer 2: Move the link to Additional resources, but move the statement earlier before the Required access

> The {gate} custom resource tells the {gate} to start the Gatekeeper installation on the cluster, using the given configuration. To work with a {gate} custom resource, use the following sample YAML: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Gatekeeper custom resource sample

The {gate} custom resource tells the {gate} to start the Gatekeeper installation on the cluster, using the given configuration. To work with a {gate} custom resource, use the following sample YAML: 
```

        - labelSelector:
            matchLabels:
              auditKey: "auditValue"
          topologyKey: topology.kubernetes.io/zone
  tolerations:
    - key: "Example"
      operator: "Exists"
      effect: "NoSchedule"
  podAnnotations:
    some-annotation: "this is a test"
    other-annotation: "another test"
----
*Note:* For versions 3.14 or later, you cam implement the following features to this YAML:

<1> Enable the `auditEventsInvolvedNamespace` parameter to manage the namespace audit event you want to create. When you enable this parameter, the Gatekeeper controller deployment gets the following argument: `--audit-events-involved-namespace: true`.
<2> Enable the `admissionEventsInvolvedNamespace` parameter to manage the namespace admission event you want to create. When you enable this parameter, the Gatekeeper controller deployment gets the following argument: `--admission-events-involved-namespace: true`.
<3> To manage your webhook operations, use the following values for the `operations` parameter, `"CREATE"`, `"UPDATE"`, `"CONNECT"`, and `"DELETE"`.

[#configuring-audit-sync]
== Configuring _auditFromCache_ for sync details

> For versions 3.14 or later, the {gate} exposes a setting in the {gate} custom resource for the audit configuration with the parameter `auditFromCache`, which is disabled by default. If you enable `auditFromCache`, then you need to set `config.gatekeeper.sh` with the objects to sync to the cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For versions 3.14 or later, the {gate} exposes a setting in the {gate} custom resource for the audit configuration with the `auditFromCache` parameter, which is disabled by default. If you enable `auditFromCache`, you need to set `config.gatekeeper.sh` with the objects to sync to the cache. For more information, see _Configuring Audit_ in the Gatekeeper documentation.
```

When you set the `auditFromCache` parameter to `Automatic`, the {gate} collects resources from constraints and inserts those resources into your Gatekeeper `Config` resource. If the resource does not exist, the {gate} creates the `Config` resource.

To configure the `auditFromCache` parameter for resource collection from constraints, complete the following steps: 

. Set `auditFromCache` to `Automatic` in the `Gatekeeper` resource. See the following example:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1
kind: Gatekeeper 
metadata: 
  name: gatekeeper 
spec: 
  audit: replicas: 2 
    logLevel: DEBUG 
    auditFromCache: Automatic
----

> . To verify that the resources are added to your `Config` resource, view that the `syncOnly` parameter section is added. Run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----

. To verify that the resources are added to your `Config` resource, view that the `syncOnly` parameter section is added. Run the following command:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get configs.config.gatekeeper.sh config -n openshift-gatekeeper-system
----
+
Your `Config` resource might resemble the following example:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: config.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1
kind: Config
metadata:
 name: config
 namespace: "openshift-gatekeeper-system"
spec:
 sync:
   syncOnly:
   - group: ""
     version: "v1"
     kind: "Namespace"
   - group: ""
     version: "v1"
     kind: "Pod"
----

. Get the explanation of the `auditFromCache` setting to view the description of the custom resource by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc explain gatekeeper.spec.audit.auditFromCache
----

[#additional-resources]
== Additional resources 

>  For more information, see link:https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/website/docs/audit/#configuring-audit[Configuring Audit] in the Gatekeeper documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[#additional-resources]
== Additional resources 

- See _Adding Operators to a cluster_ in the link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html/operators/administrator-tasks#olm-adding-operators-to-a-cluster[{ocp-short} documentation].
- For more information, see link:https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/website/docs/audit/#configuring-audit[Configuring Audit] in the Gatekeeper documentation.
```

> [#configure-gatekeeper-operator]

Reviewer 2: can we also reduce the length of the filename and anchor?

maybe: config_gk_operator.adoc and the anchor: #config-gk-operator

= Configuring the {gate} 

> To install Gatekeeper on your hub cluster, install the {gate} from the {ocp} catalog. See _Adding Operators to a cluster_ in the {ocp-short} documentation. Configure the {acm-short} Gatekeeper policy by using the governance framework.

Reviewer: I guess from here users will know to look at "Additional resources"?

After you install the {gate}, you must configure the {gate} custom resource to install Gatekeeper.

*Required access*: Cluster administrator

[#gatekeeper-custom-resource]
== Gatekeeper custom resource sample

> The {gate} custom resource tells the {gate} to start the Gatekeeper installation on the cluster. Use the following YAML to install Gatekeeper: 

Reviewer: Not sure how this should be conveyed, but this YAML isn't intended to be used directly--it's mostly filled in with default values so that users understand the options and whether they might want to specify them. In reality users will likely start with a manifest that's mostly empty and use these default values.

```suggestion
The {gate} custom resource tells the {gate} to start the Gatekeeper installation on the cluster. View the following YAML to install Gatekeeper, which has been filled in with sample and default values:
```

Reviewer 2: How about: View the following sample YAML to install Gatekeeper, which is filled in with sample and default values:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1
kind: Gatekeeper
metadata:
  name: gatekeeper
spec:
  audit:
    replicas: 1

>       auditEventsInvolvedNamespace: Enabled <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    auditEventsInvolvedNamespace: Enabled <1>
```

    logLevel: DEBUG
    auditInterval: 10s
    constraintViolationLimit: 55
    auditFromCache: Enabled
    auditChunkSize: 66
    emitAuditEvents: Enabled
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 500m
        memory: 150Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 500m
        memory: 130Mi
  validatingWebhook: Enabled
  mutatingWebhook: Enabled
  webhook:
    replicas: 3
    emitAdmissionEvents: Enabled
    admissionEventsInvolvedNamespace: Enabled <2>

>     disabledBuiltins: - http.send

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    disabledBuiltins:
     - http.send
```

    region: "EMEA"
  affinity:
    podAffinity:
      requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
        - labelSelector:
            matchLabels:
              auditKey: "auditValue"
          topologyKey: topology.kubernetes.io/zone
  tolerations:
    - key: "Example"
      operator: "Exists"
      effect: "NoSchedule"
  podAnnotations:
    some-annotation: "this is a test"
    other-annotation: "another test"
----
*Note:* For versions 3.14 or later, you cam implement the following features to this YAML:

<1> Enable the `auditEventsInvolvedNamespace` parameter to manage the namespace audit event you want to create. When you enable this parameter, the Gatekeeper controller deployment gets the following argument: `--audit-events-involved-namespace: true`.
<2> Enable the `admissionEventsInvolvedNamespace` parameter to manage the namespace admission event you want to create. When you enable this parameter, the Gatekeeper controller deployment gets the following argument: `--admission-events-involved-namespace: true`.
<3> To manage your webhook operations, use the following values for the `operations` parameter, `"CREATE"`, `"UPDATE"`, `"CONNECT"`, and `"DELETE"`.

> [#configuring-audit-sync]

Reviewer 2: based on other suggestion
```suggestion
[#config-audit-sync]
```

== Configuring _auditFromCache_ for sync details

For versions 3.14 or later, the {gate} exposes a setting in the {gate} custom resource for the audit configuration with the `auditFromCache` parameter, which is disabled by default. Configure the `auditFromCache` parameter to collect resources from constraints.

> When you set the `auditFromCache` parameter to `Automatic`, the {gate} collects resources from constraints and inserts those resources into your Gatekeeper `Config` resource. If the resource does not exist, the {gate} creates the `Config` resource.
> 
> If you enable `auditFromCache`, you need to set `config.gatekeeper.sh` with the objects to sync to the cache. For more information, see _Configuring Audit_ in the Gatekeeper documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set the `auditFromCache` parameter to `Automatic`, the {gate} collects resources from constraints and inserts those resources into your Gatekeeper `Config` resource. If the resource does not exist, the {gate} creates the `Config` resource.

If you set the `auditFromCache` parameter to `Enabled`, you need to manually set the Gatekeeper `Config` resource with the objects to sync to the cache. For more information, see _Configuring Audit_ in the Gatekeeper documentation.
```

To configure the `auditFromCache` parameter for resource collection from constraints, complete the following steps: 

. Set `auditFromCache` to `Automatic` in the `Gatekeeper` resource. See the following example:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1
kind: Gatekeeper 
metadata: 
  name: gatekeeper 
spec: 

>   audit: replicas: 2 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  audit:
    replicas: 2 
```

    logLevel: DEBUG 
    auditFromCache: Automatic
----

. To verify that the resources are added to your `Config` resource, view that the `syncOnly` parameter section is added. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get configs.config.gatekeeper.sh config -n openshift-gatekeeper-system
----
+
Your `Config` resource might resemble the following example:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: config.gatekeeper.sh/v1alpha1
kind: Config
metadata:
 name: config
 namespace: "openshift-gatekeeper-system"
spec:
 sync:
   syncOnly:
   - group: ""
     version: "v1"
     kind: "Namespace"
   - group: ""
     version: "v1"
     kind: "Pod"
----

. Get the explanation of the `auditFromCache` setting to view the description of the custom resource by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc explain gatekeeper.spec.audit.auditFromCache
----

> [#additional-resources]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[#gk-add-resources]
```

Reviewer 3: This one we do need to specify because I am pretty sure it breaks the build to just write `additional resources` -- agreed.

Reviewer 2: Yea for sure, we will get an internal link error from pantheon
